Implementing auto pagination (#7)
workos-inc/workos-go: README.md

  }
}
```

## Paginating Events

> This client provides auto pagination when querying events. This feature easily handles fetching large lists of events without having to manually paginate results and perform subsequent requests. Optional parameters `Limit`, `StartingAfter`, and `EndingBefore` can be provided to query. If both `StartingAfter` and `EndingBefore` are provided, the client will default to using only `EndingBefore`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This client provides auto pagination when querying events. This feature easily handles fetching large lists of events without having to manually paginate results and perform subsequent requests. Optional parameters `Limit`, `After`, and `Before` can be provided to query. If both `After` and `Before` are provided, the client will default to using only `Before`.
```

```go

>   i := events.List(auditlog.ListRequestParams{Limit: 20, EndingBefore: "evt_01DARZVVM933M93J6XREKWS436"})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  i := events.List(auditlog.ListRequestParams{Limit: 20, Before: "evt_01DARZVVM933M93J6XREKWS436"})
```
